hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a comedy horror film
horns
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
mark loves his childhood sweetheart
marin so much who was murdered
one year ago right before he's about to
make a marriage proposal to her
mark however is the prime suspect for
the murder
despite his declarations of innocence
and being set free by the police in
court
he's shunned by the community and
suffers huge pressure from the press
mark finds his situation even goes worse
when he's told a fire accident happened
to the forensic lab
where all evidences of the murder case
were kept and destroyed
feeling bad mark visits a local bar for
some alcohol
heavily drunken that night he staggers
to the place where his darling marin was
murdered
he then destroys and pees at marin's
memorial out of rage
the next early morning mark is awakened
up by a huge pain in his head
he then check himself before the mirror
only to get frightened by a pair of
horns
protruding from his forehead he then
rushes for a health check at the local
hospital
where he's astonished to find that
people all around him seems to tell him
their darkest secrets and desires
and he can even read their past memories
just by touching their body
the doctor and nurse however rather than
respect his pain seriously
just keep telling mark their true
feelings and evil desires
annoyed by all of the happenings mark
urges the doctor to saw off his horns
right away
while under anesthesia for the surgery
mark's dreams of his childhood
when he first met marin at a church they
showed a crush to each other at their
first sight
the little mark happened to find marin's
cross necklace
lost in the chair later in a game played
by mark and his friends
mark risked his life to win a cherry
bomb underwater and nearly drowned
but was luckily saved out by his best
childhood friend lee
mark later traded the cherry bomb to lee
in exchange for fixing marin's broken
necklace
which was later given by mark back to
marin as a token of love
while the friendly however lost his two
fingers due to the cherry bomb going off
accidentally
injured badly though lee happened to
receive marin's comfort from her smiles
mark and marin dated frequently and fell
in deep love with each other
they even played the hormone let go game
at treehouse
with a surgical knife still attached on
his horn
mark's happy sex dream is then
interrupted by the hormone let go noises
played by the doctor and nurse
he's upset by the doctor's malpractice
without better choice mark comes to the
godfather for help
ironically under influence of mark's
horns
the godfather begins to confess his own
dark secrets
mark gets no choice then turns to his
child fiend leave for the complaints
who however actually can't see mark's
horns
lee tries to easy mark down from his
illusions thinking that mark has taken
overdose of drug
confused by lee's different reactions to
his body changes
mark goes home and confirms that instead
of illusions
the horns do have unknown power to
influence not only his mother
who reveals her hate of his being her
son but also his long-loved father
who actually thinks mark is the real
murderer because of that the father sets
the forensic lab on fire
to burn down all evidences presumably
adverse to his son
crushed and feeling helplessly by the
surroundings mark decides to find out
the truth himself
on his way to the local bar he's then
molested by the chasing reporters
who instead under the horns influence
are forced into a fight competing for an
exclusive interview with mark
at the local bar after he learns that a
restaurant waitress testified
she witnessed him taking marin into his
car after the dinner
right before the murder night he then
want to find the waitress for more
details
the marriage ring in the car recalls him
his marriage proposal to marin
at a restaurant that night but
surprisingly he got refused
for her excuse that she had turned to
love someone else
failing the proposal the sad mark then
drove his car alone to the lake
gets himself drunken heavily and
awakened up by the police the next early
morning
when he heard the death of marin for the
first time
mark later arrives at the restaurant and
finds the waitress
who before his horns reveals that she
fabricated her story just to become
famous before the public
mark then talks to his brother for more
details the brother before the horns
however
tell him the big secret that after
mark's leaving
he offered marin a ride home while on
their way
the drunken brother couldn't help but
touch marin's face which frightened
marin so much
she insisted on getting off the car
immediately and walked into the woods
under heavy rain
while the brother waited in the car for
marin's coming back but passed out very
soon due to the alcohol however he waked
up in the early morning
only to find a rock beside with some
blood attached
franked up the brother set out to search
the woods for marin
who he soon found lying dead by a tree
naked
and with striking injury on her head
believing that he killed marin
unconsciously with the rock last night
the brother then drove his car to the
lake where he threw the bloody rock
and got rid of all crime traces
knowing the truth marx then launches
strikes at his brother
coming police then detain mark and bring
him to police station
the next morning lee helps bail mark out
of the detention
right then mark notices marin's cross
necklace on his best friend
he keeps questioning lee about that but
lee just tells him that he had a crush
on maron long ago
and marin turns to love him away from
mark
feeling betrayed by his lover and best
friend mark gets infuriated
and flees away in his car with that
shocking truth
in an abandoned farmhouse he struggles
hard sick of all the brutal truths
and trying to get rid of his horns he
happens to realize the snakes there seem
to obey his orders
he then decides to use the snakes to
revenge against the waitress
who dares to fabricate the story just to
be famous
and later he forces his brother to
overdose on drugs
as a punishment for his cause of marin's
death
the other day lee meets mark by the
docks
trying to make friends again with mark
who's still upset about their betrayal
during their push and pull however mark
happens to pulls off marin's necklace
exposed to the horns lee falls under
influence
he then confesses another version of
truth it turns out when lee learned
marin was going to break up with mark
he took it as a good chance to win his
long crushed girl
at night lee followed marin into the
woods trying to comfort the sorrowing
marin with kiss
but instead he's refused by her for she
loved mark more than anyone in the world
reluctant to accept that they raped her
in a jealous rage
then killed the screaming marin with a
rock he took away her necklace
before planted the bloody rock on mark's
dead sleep brother
trying to mislead the police mark is
shocked there and can't accept the
sudden truth
while he seeks the chance to attack him
overpowers him with chain
and lights him on fire in the car
causing mark to drive into the bay
lee claims to the public that mark
confessed to the crime and committed
suicide
however he never knows the thorns allow
mark to survive
horrifically burned and disfigured
marin's father who now believes mark
innocent gives
mark the key to marin's lock box in
exchange
mark want to return the necklace to her
father who insists the necklace should
be used to protect mark
with the necklace put on his body is
unbelievably restored back to normal
with the horns disappear in the box
he finds the last words from aaron
explaining that she was dying from
cancer
and didn't want him to suffer from the
marriage so she pushed him away
under the pretense of loving someone
else through all of that
mark chooses to forgive his brother and
even the best friend lee
who's led into the woods where marin was
killed
lee however pretends to confess his
guilt to the coming police and mark's
brother
but suddenly seizes the gun kills the
police immediately
at that critical moment mark tears off
the necklace
without which he's soon released and
transforms into a monster with flaming
wings
despite lee mortally wounding him in the
fierce fight mark impales lee on one of
his horns
and sends the snakes to sentence the
real murderer to death
at last in the final scene
mark crawls back to the memorable
treehouse before he dies from his
injuries
and his smoldering corpse turns to
hardened ash
while he appears to be reunited with
marin in their afterlife
this is daniel cc movie review peace out